
# Making OR practice visible: Using ethnomethodology to analyse facilitated modelling workshops

## 原始摘要
•We argue that to improve OR practice and education we need to make it visible.•We adopt ethnomethodology to reveal OR practice as an in situ accomplishment.•We apply our approach to examine the practice of facilitated modelling workshops.•Our findings clarify notions of shared meaning and facilitated modelling scripts.•Our contribution broadens the approach and level of analysis used in OR evaluation.

Empirical studies attempting to open the ‘black box’ of the practice of operational research (OR) are beginning to appear in the literature, particularly within the area known as behavioural OR. Many scholars within this community share a commitment to both empirically investigate what OR practitioners and users actually do when engaged in OR-supported processes, and evaluate what the effect of these ‘doings’ is. Despite these developments, we still know very little about the complexities and situated specifics of OR practice as it happens on the ground. This is mostly due to the methodological challenges involved in treating real-time OR practice as an analytical problem, which requires making OR practice ‘visible’ by bringing to the fore its material and interactional features for close examination. In this paper we adopt ethnomethodology as one way to address this challenge. Using an empirical vignette drawn from a facilitated modelling workshop in which causal mapping was used with a top management team, we illustrate how an ethnomethodologically-informed perspective can reveal the ways in which OR-supported activity is practically accomplished by those involved, moment by moment, and with what effects. We conclude the paper by summarising the contribution that these kinds of fine-grained studies of OR practice make to the behavioural OR agenda, and outline some potentially useful avenues for future research.

## 生成摘要
6. Conclusion --> It is our contention that proper attention to OR's situated, interactional and material features will move the behavioural OR agenda closer to the reality experienced by those engaged in the world of OR practice.

6. Conclusion --> The argument advanced in this paper is that if the emergent behavioural OR movement is serious about improving the practice of OR, then we must first pay attention to how OR is used by those who engage with it in situ.

1. Introduction --> We conclude the paper by summarising the contribution that these kinds of fine-grained studies of OR practice make to the behavioural OR agenda, and outline some potentially useful avenues for future research.

1. Introduction --> In recent years there has been an increasing interest in unpacking the ‘black box’ of operational research (OR) practice.

1. Introduction --> Our analysis illustrates how an ethnomethodologically-informed perspective can help reveal the ways in which real-time OR-supported activity is actually accomplished, moment by moment, and with what effects.

6. Conclusion --> This focus can help to avoid superficial understandings of what OR actors actually do on the ground, and of the critical role of these doings in generating OR-supported outcomes.

6. Conclusion --> Alternatively, operational researchers can team up with social scientists, or perhaps social scientists can team up with operational researchers to consider OR practice as an important area worth investigating.

1. Introduction --> Whilst the literature emerging in this area appears to be theoretically and methodologically diverse (see, for example, the special issue edited by Franco & Hämäläinen, 2016c), there is general agreement that in order to improve contemporary OR practice, we must first engage with what OR practitioners and users actually do when carrying out their work (Franco & Hämäläinen, 2016b).

1. Introduction --> This interest is particularly salient in Europe, where OR academics and practitioners are beginning to promote behavioural OR (Hämäläinen et al., 2013, Kunc and Malpass, 2016) as a new area of work within the field.

6. Conclusion --> This also suggests the need for operational researchers to acquire additional skills in this type of social science research.

5. Discussion --> By contrast, our adopted perspective suggests that the evaluation of OR impacts can be assessed with a process approach and at a fine-grained level of analysis.

5. Discussion --> So for the case of the empirical vignette examined here, the developmental attainment of intersubjective-alignment about an issue or the direction of a link represents micro-level impacts that are consequential to the ensuing interactions within this specific workshop and its final products, which in turn are likely to be important for shaping the future direction of the Back2work's top management team, and their organisation as a whole.

