
# Challenge of Research Ethics Committees to the nature of operations research

## 原始摘要
AbstractThis article is concerned with operational research (OR) practice in light of growing concerns about ethical conduct. It asks whether OR, in the context of increasing regulation through Research Ethics Committees, should consider whether there are certain ethical issues that are affected by the specific context of OR. The article sets out some of the central concerns about Research Ethics Committees and the nature of OR.

## 生成摘要
-5. Discussion and conclusion --> The main point of this article is to suggest that the issue of ethics and OR will become of greater significance with the emergence and proliferation of RECs.

-1. Introduction --> Recent decades have seen a number of debates and comments attempting to delineate the ethical dilemmas faced by operational researchers [1], [2], [3], [4], [5], [6].

-1. Introduction --> Following this, some of the central concerns about REC and the nature of OR are set out.

-5. Discussion and conclusion --> These committees (drawing on a number of principles) seek to broaden the definition of ethics by making judgments on the integrity and quality of research involving people and organizations.

-5. Discussion and conclusion --> It is the possibility of choosing between different alternatives which makes us subject to moral judgment.

-5. Discussion and conclusion --> This means that for OR there is a greater emphasis than before on ethical considerations and that there is a greater need to influence this agenda.

-5. Discussion and conclusion --> In proposing to do OR, a RECs would suggest that a number of issues would need to be addressed.

-5. Discussion and conclusion --> First, operational researchers have a responsibility to declare affiliations or potential conflicts of interest.

-5. Discussion and conclusion --> Sometimes it might appear that there is no choice.

-4. RECs and the nature of OR --> This would then be available for OR academics to use when they had to deal with a RECs and may well help them to defend themselves.

-1. Introduction --> The article begins by contextualizing the discussion in relation to the recent debate on ethics in OR.

-5. Discussion and conclusion --> In this way, ethics as a practice is seen to be between an individual's freedom to make choices about what to do and who to be, and the organisational context in which those choices are situated and governed.

-4. RECs and the nature of OR --> One suggestion offered by one of the referees for this paper, is that it would be helpful if the OR Societies addressed these concerns, whether in a code of practice or just a document.

-5. Discussion and conclusion --> The fact that we can choose does not mean that the choice is always an easy one; in fact, often it is not.

-2. Background --> As mentioned, a path that seems to run through the debates on ethics and OR reflect ones in other areas of management; that is, whether unethical behaviour or practice is more a function of “bad apples” or of “bad barrels”.

-5. Discussion and conclusion --> This would enable other practitioners and society generally to take this into account when evaluating the interventions findings.

-4. RECs and the nature of OR --> However, there has been a feeling for a while that the imposition of ethics frameworks makes the practice of OR more difficult, because frameworks are predicated upon a model of the research process that is insensitive to a more flexible, open-ended strategy of research or modelling [6] and often fail to take into account a more personal ethic or perceived as a threat to individual autonomy [34].

-5. Discussion and conclusion --> Second, the power relations need to be considered and therefore the idea of informed consent needs to be interpreted flexibly.

-2. Background --> The next section will look at the rise of RECs, and their rationale and principles.

-4. RECs and the nature of OR --> Such issues also give rise to ethical difficulties over whether data can be made available for subsequent secondary analysis at a later date.

-1. Introduction --> These dilemmas tend to be complex and only hazily definable.

-5. Discussion and conclusion --> Such an approach would locate ethics not in terms of ‘bad apples’ or ‘bad barrels’ but in the relationship between individual morals and organisationally prescribed principles assumed to guide personal action.

-4. RECs and the nature of OR --> This stems from the idea that ethical frameworks are seen as evidence of an attack on independence, and are regarded as regulatory mechanisms that reflect a form of de-professionalization.

-1. Introduction --> The paper will review whether OR, in the context of increasing regulation through REC, needs to consider whether there are certain ethical issues that are affected by the specific context of operational research.

