
# Why did Kuhn’s Structure of scientific revolutions cause a fuss?

## 原始摘要
AbstractAfter the publication of The structure of scientific revolutions, Kuhn attempted to fend off accusations of extremism by explaining that his allegedly “relativist” theory is little more than the mundane analytical apparatus common to most historians. The appearance of radicalism is due to the novelty of applying this machinery to the history of science. This defence fails, but it provides an important clue. The claim of this paper is that Kuhn inadvertently allowed features of his procedure and experience as an historian to pass over into his general account of science. Kuhn’s familiar claims, that science is directed in part by extra-scientific influences; that the history of science is divided by revolutionary breaks into periods that cannot be easily compared; that there is no ahistorical standard of rationality by which past episodes may be judged; and that science cannot be shown to be heading towards the Truth—these now appear as methodological commitments rather than historico–philosophical theses.

## 生成摘要
-1. Introduction --> After the publication of The structure of scientific revolutions, Kuhn was criticised for the apparent relativism of his view.

-1. Introduction --> It is part of the present argument that, though Kuhn insisted that history has dramatic implications for the philosophy of science, he never set out the relation between these disciplines with sufficient clarity to explain how those implications are drawn.

-7. Conclusion --> The familiar claims, that science is directed in part by extra-scientific influences, that the history of science is divided by revolutionary breaks into periods that cannot be easily compared, that there is no ahistorical standard of rationality by which past episodes may be judged, and that science cannot be shown to be heading towards the Truth—these now appear as methodological commitments rather than historico-philosophical theses.

-1. Introduction --> By way of defence, Kuhn presented himself as an historian among philosophers,1 with an historian’s view of scientific progress.

-1. Introduction --> In particular, we must establish that he was sufficiently naïve about his own practice to allow the transformation of historiographic method into philosophical model to take place largely unnoticed.

-1. Introduction --> In the postscript to the second edition of Structure he observed that, ‘Compared with the notion of progress most prevalent among both philosophers of science and laymen’ his (Kuhn’s) position ‘lacks an essential element’ (Kuhn, 1970a, p. 206).

-7. Conclusion --> The thesis of this paper is that Kuhn worked into his model of science the historicism found in Koyré and Butterfield.

-7. Conclusion --> Structure (and the storm that broke over it) makes more sense if we see its model of science as in part a condensation of the a priori methodology of a certain school of history.

-1. Introduction --> First though, we need to understand Kuhn’s sense of his position as an historian among philosophers.

-7. Conclusion --> Philosophical counter-argument seemed to be met with further historical detail, while historical counter-instances seemed to be rebutted with philosophical critique.

-1. Introduction --> Obviously, we have to examine the historiographic practice that Kuhn learned from his exemplars before we can recognise it in his model of the scientific process.

-7. Conclusion --> The past must not be partitioned by ahistorical dichotomies (such as rational/irrational, scientific/non-scientific).

-7. Conclusion --> Narratives should not have gaps or arbitrary changes of direction.

-1. Introduction --> The missing element required by philosophers of science (and the laity) is the thought that ‘successive theories grow ever closer to ... the truth’.

-7. Conclusion --> Without the background given here, the relativism, “irrationalism” and incommensurability in Structure seem like partly historical partly-philosophical claims.

-2. European historian, American philosopher --> Kuhn, in spite of his protestations, was not simply an historian.

-7. Conclusion --> This historicism has the following features:

-7. Conclusion --> Attempts to separate objective scientific argument from human frailty violate this principle.

-1. Introduction --> Kuhn’s philosophy of science includes much that cannot be traced to his historiographic practice, such as his account of the formation of concepts, and his Orwellian view of scientific education.

-6. Another unity principle --> For Butterfield, Koyré and Kuhn, a sound historical explanation is one in which the various elements are all part of the same historical flux.

-1. Introduction --> Kuhn recognised that a successful scientific theory is usually a better instrument for finding and solving puzzles than its predecessor.

-1. Introduction --> Of this he says,There is, I think, no theory independent way to reconstruct phrases like ‘really there’; the notion of a match between the ontology of a theory and its ‘real’ counterpart in nature now seems to me illusive in principle.

-7. Conclusion --> Part of the answer lies in the difficulty philosophers had in getting a logical grip on it.

-1. Introduction --> Nevertheless, I contend that this reading can explain much of the heat and confusion caused by Structure.

-7. Conclusion --> This apparent dual status made them maddeningly impervious to criticism.

-7. Conclusion --> We can and must draw distinctions in history, but the elements distinguished may still be significantly related.

-2. European historian, American philosopher --> It was between historians and historicist philosophers on the one hand, and philosophers whose intellectual habits were formed by the mathematical and natural sciences on the other.

