
# Scenarios as a scholarly methodology to produce “interesting research”

## 原始摘要
Highlights•Scenarios can be used as a scholarly research methodology.•Their use produces “interesting research” that is both rigorous and actionable.•We analyse three research studies that used scenarios as a scholarly research methodology.•We find this methodology helps to challenge existing assumptions and to identify novel lines of inquiry.•The methodology helps researchers make sense of and address complex and uncertain contexts.AbstractRecent debates identified the insufficient production of “interesting research”, namely research that is innovative and develops theory while being both usable and rigorous. We propose that scenarios methodology as a scholarly form of inquiry is one way in which we can generate “interesting research”. We present and compare how this methodology was used to investigate three research studies: (i) the unfolding of retailing formats in India; (ii) the evolution of migration patterns in Europe and the Mediterranean; and (iii) climate change and regional and urban planning in the Tulum region of the Peninsula of Yucatán. We found that when scenarios are used as a scholarly methodology involving iterations and revisions, they help to challenge existing assumptions, identify novel lines of inquiry, and enable new research opportunities to emerge,—thus opening up a research mode that helps engaged scholars to make sense of and address complex and uncertain contexts and produce interesting findings.

## 生成摘要
-5. Conclusions --> This paper has started from the observation that it is important to produce “interesting research”, as well as research that is both usable and rigorous.

-5. Conclusions --> Scenarios methodology entails a Hegelian or even Socratic scholarly approach where multiple interpretations are considered in terms of their plausibility, echoing what Churchman (1971) hoped the ‘Singerean’ mode of inquiry would comprise.

-1. Introduction --> We discuss these and conclude by linking scenarios methodology with epistemological issues raised in both the scenarios and futures studies literatures.

-2. Scenarios: history, definition, and purpose --> To do so we describe and analyse three research studies which used the scenarios methodology in three distinct fields – retail management, international migration, and climate change adaptation-making the research both accessible and rigorous and helping to produce interesting findings.

-1. Introduction --> In 2006, senior members of the Academy of Management voiced concerns about whether research on management is interesting, and whether the proportion of interesting research is falling (Bartunek, Rynes, & Ireland, 2006).

-1. Introduction --> They considered “interesting research” research that develops theory, is innovative, and less formulaic (p. 9).

-2. Scenarios: history, definition, and purpose --> In this paper, ‘scenarios’ are understood to be a small bespoke set of structured conceptual systems of equally plausible future contexts, often presented as narrative descriptions, manufactured for someone and for a purpose, typically to provide inputs for further work (Schnaars, 1987, van der Heijden, 2005, Ramirez et al., 2008).

-1. Introduction --> First we succinctly review the development and nature of scenario work to date, clarify definitions, and lay out from a conceptual perspective how scenarios are an effective scholarly methodology to produce interesting research.

-No section title. --> By providing multiple perspectives on how Indian retailing could develop with a scenarios methodology, the researchers sought to broaden what they considered to be a myopic view of India retail development which, at the time of this research had become the topic of fierce debate in the public arena, providing novel perspectives that could change the debate.

-2. Scenarios: history, definition, and purpose --> We propose that, as research methodology, scenarios entail an accessible, transparent, testable and contestable inquiry process.

-4. Analysis and inter-research study comparison --> Despite the different fields of each research study there are striking similarities among them in terms of why the scenario research methodology was chosen, how the research was conducted, the type of substantive findings it yielded, how it relates to and complements extant research strategies in the field, and what limitations and problems arise when engaging in scenarios as a scholarly research methodology.

-2. Scenarios: history, definition, and purpose --> These characteristics are specifically apparent in the revision and iteration of scenarios found in Section 3.

-3. The application of the scenarios methodology in three research studies --> Scenarios were the prime research methodology in three research studies which, albeit being in different fields, relied on the development of a conceptual framework and the collection and analysis of empirical data to deliver rigorous, valuable, and testable research results.

-No section title. --> Using scenarios as a scholarly methodology, as in the other two research studies presented above, was challenging and it requires significant financial and logistical resources.

-2. Scenarios: history, definition, and purpose --> It also helps scholars and those they study to together critically consider existing assumptions and possible future developments in their field of study.

-1. Introduction --> In their view, research that is “interesting” is more likely to produce learning; to be read, understood, and remembered; and to attract and keep bright students in academia (p. 10).

-No section title. --> Building the scenarios iteratively helped to create knowledge with multiple stakeholders through strategic conversations and to work through climate change implications (Tompkins et al., 2008, Hanson et al., 2006).

-3. The application of the scenarios methodology in three research studies --> A table comparing the extant assumptions in the relevant field and the findings produced in each research study shows how scenario as a scholarly methodology can help produce interesting research.

-2. Scenarios: history, definition, and purpose --> Across different fields and practices, the term ‘scenarios’ does not mean one same thing, or serve the same purpose, or involves one form of production.

