
# Could your research be more interesting? Expanding the debate on qualitative vs. quantitative research

## 原始摘要


## 生成摘要
-1. The case for being interesting --> In the remainder of this paper we will expand the case for interesting research as an essential supplement to the positions adopted in this special issue.

-4. Conclusions: What should we do? --> It would seem a little too obvious to say that researchers should each seek out more interesting problems to research.

-1. The case for being interesting --> The papers contained in this special issue, in different ways, seek to advance the study of Purchasing and Supply Management (PSM) research.

-4. Conclusions: What should we do? --> For interesting research to flourish there is a need within the community of PSM generally for reviewers to be tolerant of interesting themes and to pursue a policy of reviewing for improvement and inclusion without compromising in anyway the quality or integrity of accepted work.

-3. Interesting research and the future of Purchasing and Supply Management research --> Araujo and Dubois expressly encourage such an approach when they suggest that “we need further variety in theoretical agendas” (p.18).

-3. Interesting research and the future of Purchasing and Supply Management research --> The role that interesting research can play in the progress of a field of study has been considered elsewhere.

-1. The case for being interesting --> Batenburg suggests that PSM requires a rebalancing, with greater emphasis on quantitative studies to counter the strong qualitative tradition with the area.

-2. Advancing the discipline… --> There is strong (and maybe interesting) evidence that the papers that are actually moving a discipline forward, in that they are being read and remembered, at least in the case of PSM, are drawn from a variety of methodological approaches, but above all they are interesting.

-4. Conclusions: What should we do? --> But the dynamism currently surrounding the field of PSM suggests that there are topics that are of great interest to a wide audience.

-4. Conclusions: What should we do? --> Nobody said it would be easy!

-2. Advancing the discipline… --> Within Business and Management Studies broadly defined, fields of research are imagined to move forward when hypotheses are quantitatively tested and facts are quantitatively proved.

-1. The case for being interesting --> Indeed, following Dubois and Araujo, it is clear that theoretical and methodological developments should be considered simultaneously.

-3. Interesting research and the future of Purchasing and Supply Management research --> The area of PSM could benefit from a willingness to explore and pursue the routes which he suggests.

-3. Interesting research and the future of Purchasing and Supply Management research --> In a later paper with colleagues, Rynes outlines the characteristics and benefits of interesting research to a field of study (Bartunek et al., 2006).

-2. Advancing the discipline… --> Although the serendipity or incongruity of qualitative research certainly provides more opportunities for interesting things to emerge.

-3. Interesting research and the future of Purchasing and Supply Management research --> In a recent editorial in one of the leading empirical journals in the field of business studies, the Academy of Management Journal (AMJ), Rynes (2005) refers to a survey of AMJ editorial board members in which the overwhelming desire was for more interesting papers to be published in the journal.

-4. Conclusions: What should we do? --> Researchers need to take advantage of this time, capture interesting themes and submit them to JPSM and other leading journals.

-3. Interesting research and the future of Purchasing and Supply Management research --> With a bias for interesting research the serendipity of this commitment will inevitably lead to the emergence of unanticipated research streams and fields.

-3. Interesting research and the future of Purchasing and Supply Management research --> It is in this context that I most expressly support the position of Batenburg.

-4. Conclusions: What should we do? --> Through discussions with editors of a wide range of journals it would appear that the most brutal reviews are often dispensed from reviewers in niche areas and in particular the qualitative arenas.

-3. Interesting research and the future of Purchasing and Supply Management research --> The chief characteristic of interesting research according to these authors lies in its disconfirmation of a proportion of the assumptions held by audience.

-2. Advancing the discipline… --> The paper by Batenburg follows in this tradition.

-1. The case for being interesting --> Dubois and Araujo, on the other hand, suggest that the qualitative tradition in PSM can and should be harnessed but that advancement will require refinement of method.

-2. Advancing the discipline… --> I am not suggesting that qualitative research is the only pathway to being interesting.

-1. The case for being interesting --> Although Davis confined his original paper to the consideration of interesting theoretical work such principles can apply equally to methodological issues as theoretical ones.

-3. Interesting research and the future of Purchasing and Supply Management research --> The second theme, avoiding narrowness within the PSM research area is also important.

-2. Advancing the discipline… --> In his paper Ronald takes the position that a young discipline such as PSM can be helped to maturity (beyond the “air guitar” phase even?)

