
# What do introduction sections tell us about the intent of scholarly work: A contribution on contributions

## 原始摘要
Highlights•The paper demonstrates the sematic games used by authors in forming contribution claims.•The paper shows the proportionality of different contribution strategies used by authors.•The paper presents a framework for assessing contribution strategies in a body of work.•The paper identifies nine discrete contribution strategies used by authors.AbstractThe paper marks a rare empirical examination of the semantics of contribution claims in the introduction sections of journal articles. The framing of contribution claims is a significantly under-examined area of scholarly activity which underpins the methodical act of communicating the value of research to an audience. The paper presents a systematic review of 538 papers in the three leading industrial marketing journals, Industrial Marketing Management, the Journal of Business & Industrial Marketing and the Journal of Business-to-Business Marketing and uses a phased approach to categorize contribution claims made by authors in their introductions. The paper identifies four main categories of contribution, defined as Incremental, revelatory, replicatory and consolidatory − proposing sub-categorizations within them, and reports on the proportionality of these strategies in the sample whilst capturing the semantic games played by authors in pursuit of these claims. Findings are of interest to industrial marketers but the conceptual framework and systematic methods presented in the paper are offered as transferable to any discipline or body of work, and therefore have broader disciplinary appeal. Findings are of interest to authors, reviewers and editors in coalescing fragmented understanding of contribution strategies into a coherent framework for action.

•The paper demonstrates the sematic games used by authors in forming contribution claims.•The paper shows the proportionality of different contribution strategies used by authors.•The paper presents a framework for assessing contribution strategies in a body of work.•The paper identifies nine discrete contribution strategies used by authors.

## 生成摘要
-2. Phase one: development of a conceptual framework – what is “known” about making a contribution? --> This inclusion allows for further consideration as to which types of contribution strategy are used relative to whether a paper is conceptual or empirical, a consideration here for us was whether revelatory contributions tend to be made in conceptual contributions rather than empirical ones.

-5. Conclusions and future research directions --> In other extensions of the framework, sample selection to control rotations of editors may need due consideration so as to allow for changes of approach to the review process.

-1. Introduction --> In each section, we therefore present and discuss the findings from the three phases along with the methodological implications.

-1. Introduction --> Contribution is a fluid term, its semantic implications often casting a shadow over doctoral examinations or decisions of whether, or whether not, to accept a paper for publication.

-5. Conclusions and future research directions --> First, we sought to develop an analytically generalizable framework for examining the intentional contribution strategies of authors in any discipline and to deploy it to present specific conclusions for industrial marketing scholarship.

-2. Phase one: development of a conceptual framework – what is “known” about making a contribution? --> Our first objective is to consolidate the papers on the subject of scientific contributions and identify the different strategies that are proposed to have been used – we refer to these as “known” strategies.

-2. Phase one: development of a conceptual framework – what is “known” about making a contribution? --> Our aim in this section is to develop a conceptual framework identifying known strategies as a first stage in empirically exploring the rhetoric games of authors.

-1. Introduction --> This paper examines the semantic strategies used by scholars in claiming academic contributions in the field of industrial marketing.

-2. Phase one: development of a conceptual framework – what is “known” about making a contribution? --> We move in this section to identify and discuss these known contribution strategies.

-5. Conclusions and future research directions --> We offer a final methodological caution as to the effects of changes in the editorship of journals.

-No section title. --> A key tension between theoretical and practical contributions has been explored as the rigor-relevance gap, both in marketing (Baraldi, La Rocca, & Perna, 2014; Brennan, Canning, & McDowell, 2014; Gummesson, 2014) and in the broader management literature (Fincham & Clark, 2009; Hodgkinson & Rousseau, 2009; Kieser & Leiner, 2009).

-5. Conclusions and future research directions --> The second aim was to provide exemplars of the rhetorical acts of authors in this discipline as a guide to future scholarship in any discipline.

-2. Phase one: development of a conceptual framework – what is “known” about making a contribution? --> This first phase of our analysis is therefore a traditional review of the literature on the subject of academic contributions.

-2. Phase one: development of a conceptual framework – what is “known” about making a contribution? --> Each contribution can be split between mutually exclusive conceptual (only) and empirical (non-bibliographic), hence they appear at the centre of the model.

-5. Conclusions and future research directions --> Fifth, as we have chosen not to focus on practical contributions, further work may be able to associate the nature of practical contributions alongside the intent to make specific theoretical contributions.

-1. Introduction --> Instead of what would usually be one methods section, the development of this paper is in three phases, with different methodological techniques attached to each phase.

-1. Introduction --> However, we adopt a non-formulaic structure (Alvesson & Gabriel, 2013) in which the approach to literature reviewing is indeed methodical, and which therefore requires explanation before exposition.

-2. Phase one: development of a conceptual framework – what is “known” about making a contribution? --> This phase identifies what is known on the subject of making a contribution.

-2. Phase one: development of a conceptual framework – what is “known” about making a contribution? --> A difficulty in performing a “systematic” review of papers on contributions is that the search term, “contribution” identifies every paper claiming to make one.

-No section title. --> We therefore show these categories in our final conceptual framework as merged.

-2. Phase one: development of a conceptual framework – what is “known” about making a contribution? --> Instead, having identified key literatures, we used “cited in” and “cited by” searches from key journals to establish the extent of the literature.

-No section title. --> A contribution predicated on incremental originality is based on a traditional gap spotting approach to reviewing literature (Alvesson & Sandberg, 2011; Hallgren, 2012; Sandberg & Alvesson, 2011).

-5. Conclusions and future research directions --> Our broad aims for this paper were twofold.

-2. Phase one: development of a conceptual framework – what is “known” about making a contribution? --> The combination of phases therefore is best characterized as abductive, in that it sequentially seeks a best fit between data and evidence.

-No section title. --> We do, however suggest some caution with regard to the distinction between sub-categories 2.3 and 3.3 and suggest further development of this approach couched in semantic terms associated with differentiated replication.

