
# Patterns of authors contribution in scientific manuscripts

## 原始摘要
Highlights•We investigated how regular are author contributions in scientific manuscripts.•A metric to quantify the effective number of authors is proposed.•Three patterns of contributions are described.•A network framework to study authors contributions is proposed.AbstractScience is becoming increasingly more interdisciplinary, giving rise to more diversity in the areas of expertise. In such a complex environment, the participation of authors became more specialized, hampering the task of evaluating authors according to their contributions. While some metrics were adapted to account for the order (or rank) of authors in a paper, many journals are now requiring a description of their specific roles in the publication. Surprisingly, the investigation of the relationships between credited contributions and author's rank has been limited to a few studies. Here we analyzed such a kind of data and show, quantitatively, that the regularity in the authorship contributions decreases with the number of authors in a paper. Furthermore, we found that the rank of authors and their roles in papers follow three general patterns according to the nature of their contributions: (i) the total contribution increases with author's rank; (ii) the total contribution decreases with author's rank; and (iii) the total contribution is symmetric, with most of contributions being performed by first and last authors. This was accomplished by collecting and analyzing the data retrieved from PLoS One and by devising a measurement of the effective number of authors in a paper. The analysis of such patterns confirms that some aspects of the author ranking are in accordance with the expected convention, such as the first and last authors being more likely to contribute more diversely in a scientific work. Conversely, such analysis also revealed that authors in the intermediary positions of the rank contribute more in specific roles, such as collecting data. This indicates that the an unbiased evaluation of researchers must take into account the distinct types of scientific contributions.

## 生成摘要
-4. Conclusion --> However, perhaps the most important implication of studying individual contributions in papers is its potential to improve the process of researchers evaluation through the creation of role-driven measures (Rahman et al., 2017), which could be combined with traditional, well-established indexes such as the number of citations or the h-index.

-4. Conclusion --> The network framework proposed in this manuscript could also be used to classify authors according to their contributorship patterns in the bipartite network using a series of well-established network measurements (Newman, 2010).

-1. Introduction --> Scientific publications have been consolidated as the most efficient means of communication and dissemination of discoveries/findings in science, as well as being an indicator of success/productivity of a given researcher, evidenced by quantitative measures, for instance the h-index ([Amancio et al., 2012c], [Hirsch, 2005], [Schreiber, 2015]) and its variants (such as m-index (Hirsch, 2005) and g-index (Egghe, 2006)).

-1. Introduction --> Finally, in Section 4 we present the conclusions of the study.

-4. Conclusion --> As the authorship in papers confers credit and has important academic, social and financial implications, a solution that has been adopted by several scientific journals is the identification of the role of each author in preparing a scientific paper.

-4. Conclusion --> It is well known that several journals make available guidelines on authorship, but even with this information the existence of gift and ghost authorships is still a problem (Tscharntke et al., 2007).

-4. Conclusion --> This type of information could be useful to unveil novel patterns of credit assignment and to analyze if collaborations are also driven by contributorship patterns, in addition to other well-known factors ([Amancio et al., 2012b], [Hennemann et al., 2012]).

-1. Introduction --> In addition, the use of citations based indexes are oftentimes very dependent on authors’ research field, which makes comparisons of individuals prominence across distinct disciplines a hard task ([Anauati et al., 2016], [Hutchins et al., 2016], [Ruiz-Castillo and Waltman, 2015], [Viana et al., 2013], [Waltman and van Eck, 2013], [Waltman et al., 2011]).

-1. Introduction --> Section 2 describes the considered dataset and the framework to represent and evaluate the contributions of authors in papers.

-4. Conclusion --> The authorship of articles has gained attention in recent years, mainly due to lack of protocols on how the authorship should be treated.

-1. Introduction --> Section 3 details the main results of this paper.

-1. Introduction --> In recent years, however, some attempts have been proposed to take into account additional information such as the number of authors in papers (Bornmann, Mutz, & Daniel, 2008) and the consideration of authors rank (Tscharntke, Hochberg, Rand, Resh, & Krauss, 2007).

-4. Conclusion --> This solution has allowed the study of quantitative aspects of authors contribution.

-1. Introduction --> The evaluation of authors contribution in scientific articles has drawn attention in recent years, mainly because of its implication in the author credit system (Greene, 2007) for quantifying authors roles in a scenario of increasing number of multi-authored papers (Regalado, 1995).

-1. Introduction --> Another limitation in evaluating authors according to the number of citations motivated by their papers is that the contributions of authors in each work is mostly overlooked, as in traditional indexes such as the h-index all authors usually receive the same credit ([Sekercioglu, 32], [Zhang, 2009]).

-1. Introduction --> Even though these and other measures are used to evaluate researchers, their indiscriminate use is still controversial given the existence of problems such as lack of informative context (Wendl, 2007) and the presence of possible bias towards nationality, gender and age ([Kelly and Jennions, 2007], [Mishra, 45]).

-1. Introduction --> Finally, the third pattern describes a high level of participation of first and last authors in writing the manuscript.

-4. Conclusion --> This same analysis could be perform in specific journals to better understand the relationship between contributions and ranking in specific journals.

-1. Introduction --> The second pattern describes high contributions of second-to-last authors in collecting data for analysis.

