
# Ethics in Operations Research and Management Sciences: A never-ending effort to combine rigor and passion

## 原始摘要
AbstractFrom practice to theory, we introduce a state-of-the-art stream of papers that promotes an inclusive and complementary consideration of both analytical methods and ethical values in Operations Research and Management Sciences (OR/MS). We suggest a perspective according to which the consideration of ethics in OR/MS constitutes an enrichment of our discipline as well as a contribution to a more sustainable future in general.

## 生成摘要
-3. Where do we stand? --> Such integrative approaches would contribute to offering perspectives to OR/MS researchers and practitioners and to making our discipline part of the solution for the ethical challenges ahead.

-1. An introductory background --> We hope that the reader will trust that we do not pretend to hold a monopoly on ethics in OR/MS but merely intend to share our commitment to a subject that is increasingly important, extremely complex and very fulfilling.

-3. Where do we stand? --> Likewise, there are needs for theoretical research on the measurement of ethical concerns and how they relate to the measurement of the “conventional” objective function.

-3. Where do we stand? --> Reflecting on the history of ethics in OR/MS, it is striking how much this has been an on-going process.

-1. An introductory background --> We would also like this work to motivate some concrete actions, at the level of the individual (such as, for instance, increased awareness, self-reflection, increased psychological autonomy in ethical analysis, enhanced knowledge of specific emotional reactions) or at the institutional level (increased salience of ethics in journal statements, more presence in conferences, less tense communications, participatory discussions about ethical guidelines in societies, etc.).

-3. Where do we stand? --> As exemplified in some of the papers in this Special Issue there is room for objective methods to analyze the subjectivity of ethical judgments in OR/MS.

-1. An introductory background --> Although primarily trained in using applied mathematics in our academic research we, the editors of this Special Issue, were always passionate about ethical issues in Operations Research and Management Sciences (OR/MS).

-1. An introductory background --> By ethical issues we mean a wide range of concerns from environmental sustainability to social justice and human values.

-1. An introductory background --> It is our conviction that proper integration of such concerns in the mainstream of OR/MS constitutes an enrichment of our discipline as well as a contribution to a more sustainable future in general.

-3. Where do we stand? --> Rather, ethics is nourished by the passion of people who discover in the promotion of ethical issues a self-fulfilling motivation and thereby hope to positively contribute towards others.

-1. An introductory background --> We candidly share our synthetic views on the contextual, emotional and methodological dimensions of ethics in OR/MS.

-1. An introductory background --> Again, our intention is to suggest a perspective that would help the different voices to be heard rather than to hand the microphone to one in particular.

-3. Where do we stand? --> Looking into the future, this calls for some prudence in setting goals and prescriptions about how the OR/MS community should continue its on-going relationship with ethics.

-1. An introductory background --> In fact, we believe that the traditional rigor and search for objectivity that has characterized OR/MS since its inception should not be seen as a barrier to the integration of ethical concerns, even if such concerns are particularly difficult to define objectively, to measure quantitatively, and to translate smoothly into practical prescriptions.

-3. Where do we stand? --> Ethics is not a problem to be solved.

-1. An introductory background --> The issue then is to discover what “proper integration” actually means, and this is not unrelated to mentioning our mathematical training.

-3. Where do we stand? --> It is a way to look at these methodological aspects that seems specially promising to us.

-3. Where do we stand? --> In our view OR/MS is an area of scientific development where today such articulation of objective and subjective values is one of the most relevant and most studied.

-3. Where do we stand? --> There is no definitive answer to ethical issues in OR/MS that can be nailed down in an academic article, a special issue or a book.

-3. Where do we stand? --> It is in this resolute spirit of both enthusiasm and prudence that we share our personal reflections below, building on the idea of alleviating barriers to the natural flourishing of ethical concerns [13].

-3. Where do we stand? --> Incorporating ethical values beyond the OR methodology calls for more understanding of, and specific attention to the articulation of objective and subjective values.

-1. An introductory background --> Finally, we would be pleased if this Special Issue motivated some to initiate institutional and practical initiatives for our profession.

