
# Ethical guidelines and codes in operations research

## 原始摘要
AbstractWe review past endeavors by ORSs to establish ethical guidelines or codes to which their members must subscribe to. We contrast such activities with those of the international community of related professional societies. It is clear that ORSs world-wide do not exhibit the important basic characteristic of a profession, that is, the adoption of and adherence to ethical guidelines and codes. Such adoptions by OR professional organizations are rare.

## 生成摘要
-1. Ethical guidelines and codes --> For professional societies, we differentiate between guidelines and codes in the following manner.

-1. Ethical guidelines and codes --> Both types of codes have their place within the professional world.

-6. Why no OR code of ethics? --> Operations research needs a code of ethics and professional practice.

-1. Ethical guidelines and codes --> Ethical guidelines state general principles of conduct that members of a profession are expected to follow in carrying out their professional duties be it practice, research, or teaching (see, for example, [1]).

-6. Why no OR code of ethics? --> In reviewing publications and reports for this paper, we could not help but be amazed at the contrast between the OR and the computer field with respect to the development and adoption of codes of ethics.

-1. Ethical guidelines and codes --> The ACM Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct [3] is a hard code of ethics.

-1. Ethical guidelines and codes --> A hard code of ethics is a detailed set of statements covering most, if not all, of a profession's activities and related individual responsibilities; it may include sanctions leveled against a member if it can be shown that the member did not behave in an ethical fashion with respect to the profession and the society in general.

-6. Why no OR code of ethics? --> They will become more prevalent with the wider use of operations research methodology.

-1. Ethical guidelines and codes --> In contrast, a professional society's ethical code is an official statement to which the society's members agree to adhere to in accomplishing all aspects of their professional life (see, for example, [3]).

-5. Professional ethical codes and standards: common elements --> We can only emphasize, if any OR Society is interested in developing an appropriate EC&S, there are many in-being professional society EC&S that can serve as guidelines.

-2. Ethical guidelines and codes of ORSs --> In this section we describe adopted and proposed ethical guidelines and codes by OR organizations.

-1. Ethical guidelines and codes --> As noted in [1]:The formulation of these Guidelines is not meant to codify a set of rules, but to make explicit patterns of scientific practice that have been developed over many years and are followed by the vast majority of scientists, and to provide benchmarks when problems arise.Guidelines are standards or principles by which to make a judgment or determine a policy or course of action [2].

-1. Ethical guidelines and codes --> Thus, both guidelines and codes are sets of principles of conduct governing an individual or group; their difference, with respect to a professional organization, being their official status.

-5. Professional ethical codes and standards: common elements --> Any attempt to summarize, compare, and evaluate ethical codes and standards (EC&S) as they relate to OR will suffer due to the sparsity of EC&S that have been adopted by the world-wide OR professional societies.

-1. Ethical guidelines and codes --> They are a set of principles or rules of conduct [2].

-2. Ethical guidelines and codes of ORSs --> Behavioral canons: we should esteem society, environments, organizations and individuals in office and in daily life.

-2. Ethical guidelines and codes of ORSs --> Equity: we should do our research and technical activities earnestly, while dealing with the results of our research fairly.

-2. Ethical guidelines and codes of ORSs --> The associated Memorandum of Association states its objectives as:To ensure the maintenance and continued development of operational research as a profession.To establish and administer standards of practice concerning the competence and ethical conduct of members of the Fellowship (emphasis added).To provide a body to further the interests of those engaged in operational research as a profession.A statement of compliance with these objectives must be made by a Fellow on admission to the Fellowship.

-6. Why no OR code of ethics? --> Both OR and computer science evolved from embryonic activities at about the same time (circa 1940s) and both expanded into new sciences that have had major influences on all aspects of society.

-2. Ethical guidelines and codes of ORSs --> Although we cannot state that our effort to determine the official status of proposed or in-being ethical codes in ORSs has been exhaustive, we do feel confident that we have not missed any activities of importance.

-1. Ethical guidelines and codes --> The Oath of Prometheus (see below) is a soft code of ethics.

-1. Ethical guidelines and codes --> We need to differentiate between what we term soft and hard codes of ethics.

